---
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : ibm_cd_toolchain_tool_slack"
description: |-
  Get information about cd_toolchain_tool_slack
subcategory: "CD Toolchain"
---

# ibm_cd_toolchain_tool_slack

~> **Beta:** This data source is in Beta, and is subject to change.

Provides a read-only data source for cd_toolchain_tool_slack. You can then reference the fields of the data source in other resources within the same configuration using interpolation syntax.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "ibm_cd_toolchain_tool_slack" "cd_toolchain_tool_slack" {
	tool_id = "tool_id"
	toolchain_id = ibm_cd_toolchain_tool_slack.cd_toolchain_tool_slack.toolchain_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

Review the argument reference that you can specify for your data source.

* `tool_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) ID of the tool bound to the toolchain.
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `36` characters. The minimum length is `36` characters. The value must match regular expression `/^[a-fA-F0-9]{8}-[a-fA-F0-9]{4}-4[a-fA-F0-9]{3}-[89abAB][a-fA-F0-9]{3}-[a-fA-F0-9]{12}$/`.
* `toolchain_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) ID of the toolchain.
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `36` characters. The minimum length is `36` characters. The value must match regular expression `/^[a-fA-F0-9]{8}-[a-fA-F0-9]{4}-4[a-fA-F0-9]{3}-[89abAB][a-fA-F0-9]{3}-[a-fA-F0-9]{12}$/`.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all argument references listed, you can access the following attribute references after your data source is created.

* `id` - The unique identifier of the cd_toolchain_tool_slack.
* `crn` - (String) Tool CRN.

* `href` - (String) URI representing the tool.

* `name` - (String) Tool name.

* `parameters` - (List) Unique key-value pairs representing parameters to be used to create the tool.
Nested scheme for **parameters**:
	* `api_token` - (String) Type the Slack webhook URL, which is generated by Slack as an incoming webhook. You can create or find your webhook in the Incoming Webhooks section of the [Slack API website](https://api.slack.com/incoming-webhooks). If you have been using an API key, update your configuration to use a webhook instead.
	* `channel_name` - (String) If you use a webhook, you must specify an existing Slack channel to post notifications to.
	* `pipeline_fail` - (Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.
	* `pipeline_start` - (Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.
	* `pipeline_success` - (Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.
	* `team_url` - (String) If you use a webhook, you must specify your team name, which is the word or phrase before _.slack.com_ in your team URL. For example, if your team URL is https://team.slack.com, the team name is _team_.
	* `toolchain_bind` - (Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.
	* `toolchain_unbind` - (Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.

* `referent` - (List) Information on URIs to access this resource through the UI or API.
Nested scheme for **referent**:
	* `api_href` - (String) URI representing the this resource through an API.
	* `ui_href` - (String) URI representing the this resource through the UI.

* `resource_group_id` - (String) Resource group where tool can be found.

* `state` - (String) Current configuration state of the tool.
  * Constraints: Allowable values are: `configured`, `configuring`, `misconfigured`, `unconfigured`.

* `toolchain_crn` - (String) CRN of toolchain which the tool is bound to.


* `updated_at` - (String) Latest tool update timestamp.

