---
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : ibm_vmaas_transit_gateway_connection"
description: |-
  Get information about vmaas_transit_gateway_connection
subcategory: "VMware Cloud Foundation as a Service API"
---

# ibm_vmaas_transit_gateway_connection

Provides a read-only data source to retrieve information about a vmaas_transit_gateway_connection. You can then reference the fields of the data source in other resources within the same configuration by using interpolation syntax.

## Example Usage

```hcl
data "ibm_vmaas_transit_gateway_connection" "vmaas_transit_gateway_connection" {
	vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_id = ibm_vmaas_transit_gateway_connection.vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_instance.vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_id
	vdc_id = "vdc_id"
    edge_id = "edge_id"
    region = "us-south"
}
```

## Argument Reference

You can specify the following arguments for this data source.

* `vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) A unique ID for a specified virtual data center.
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `128` characters. The minimum length is `1` character. The value must match regular expression `/^[A-Za-z0-9_-]{1,128}$/`.
* `vdc_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) A unique ID for a virtual data center.  
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `128` characters. The minimum length is `1` character. The value must match regular expression `/^[A-Za-z0-9_-]{1,128}$/`.

* `edge_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) A unique ID for an edge.  
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `128` characters. The minimum length is `1` character. The value must match regular expression `/^[A-Za-z0-9_-]{1,128}$/`.

* `region` - (Optional, Computed, String) The region where the IBM Transit Gateway is deployed.  
  * Constraints: The value must be a valid IBM Cloud region string, such as `us-south` or `eu-de`. The value must match regular e*

## Attribute Reference

After your data source is created, you can read values from the following attributes.

* `id` - The unique identifier of the vmaas_transit_gateway_connection.
* `connections` - (List) IBM Transit Gateway connections.
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `128` items. The minimum length is `1` item.
Nested schema for **connections**:
	* `base_network_type` - (String) The type of the network that the unbound GRE tunnel is targeting. Only "classic" is supported.
	* `local_bgp_asn` - (Integer) Local network BGP ASN for the connection.
	  * Constraints: The maximum value is `4294967294`. The minimum value is `1`.
	* `local_gateway_ip` - (String) Local gateway IP address for the connection.
	* `local_tunnel_ip` - (String) Local tunnel IP address for the connection.
	* `name` - (String) The autogenerated name for this connection.
	* `network_account_id` - (String) The ID of the account that owns the connected network.
	* `network_type` - (String) The type of the network that is connected through this connection. Only "unbound_gre_tunnel" is supported.
	* `remote_bgp_asn` - (Integer) Remote network BGP ASN for the connection.
	  * Constraints: The maximum value is `4294967294`. The minimum value is `1`.
	* `remote_gateway_ip` - (String) Remote gateway IP address for the connection.
	* `remote_tunnel_ip` - (String) Remote tunnel IP address for the connection.
	* `status` - (String) Determines the state of the connection.
	  * Constraints: Allowable values are: `pending`, `creating`, `ready_to_use`, `detached`, `deleting`.
	* `transit_gateway_connection_name` - (String) The user-defined name of the connection created on the IBM Transit Gateway.
	* `zone` - (String) The location of the connection.
* `region` - (String) The region where the IBM Transit Gateway is deployed.
* `status` - (String) Determines the state of the IBM Transit Gateway based on its connections.
  * Constraints: Allowable values are: `pending`, `creating`, `ready_to_use`, `deleting`.

