---
subcategory: "Key Management Service"
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : kms-kmip-adapters"
description: |-
  Manages kmip adapters for IBM hs-crypto and KMS.
---

# ibm_kms_kmip_adapter
Create or delete a KMIP adapter of a given adapter profile. Adapter profiles may require different information to create. Currently, the only profile supported is `native_1.0`, which requires the UUID of a root key. KMIP adapters created through this resource can be used to register KMIP Client Certificate resources. 
For more information, about KMIP as a whole, see [Using the key management interoperability protocol (KMIP)](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/key-protect?topic=key-protect-kmip&interface=ui).


## Example usage 
Sample example to provision a KMIP adapter associated with a specific root key.

```terraform
resource "ibm_resource_instance" "kms_instance" {
  name     = "instance-name"
  service  = "kms"
  plan     = "tiered-pricing"
  location = "us-south"
}
resource "ibm_kms_key" "key" {
  instance_id = ibm_resource_instance.kms_instance.guid
  key_name       = "key"
  standard_key   = false
}
resource "ibm_kms_kmip_adapter" "myadapter" {
    instance_id = ibm_resource_instance.kms_instance.guid
    profile = "native_1.0"
    profile_data = {
      "crk_id" = ibm_kms_key.key.key_id
    }
    description = "adding a description"
    name = var.kmip_adapter_name
}

```


## Argument reference
Review the argument references that you can specify for your resource. 

- `endpoint_type` - (Optional, Forces new resource, String) The type of the public endpoint, or private endpoint to be used for creating keys.
- `instance_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The hs-crypto or key protect instance GUID.
- `profile` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The profile of the KMIP adapter. Currently the only supported profile is `native_1.0`.
- `profile_data` - (Required, Forces new resource, Map) A map containing key-value pairs that are relevant to configuring a KMIP adapter
- `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) - A human-readable name to identify the KMIP adapter. Names must be unique between adapters in the same instance. If not given, a name will be autogenerated.
- `description` - (Optional, Forces new resource) - A description of the KMIP adapter

## Attribute reference
In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute reference after your resource is created.

- `adapter_id` - (String) The UUID of the adapter
- `created_by` - (String) The IBM-ID of the identity that created the resource
- `created_at` - (String) The date the resource was created, in RFC 3339 format
- `updated_by` - (String) The IBM-ID of the identity that updated the resource
- `updated_at` - (String) The date the resource was updated, in RFC 3339 format

## Import

You can import the `ibm_kms_kmip_adapter` resource by using `id`.
The `id` property can be formed from `instance_id`, `adapter_id` in the following format:
Each id is expected to be a UUID and import by name for adapter is not supported.

```bash
<instance_id>/<adapter_id>
```
* `instance_id`: A string. The instance ID.
* `adapter_id`: A string. The adapter ID.

# Syntax
```bash
$ terraform import ibm_kms_kmip_adapter.tf_import_adapter <instance_id>/<adapter_id>
```

# Example
```bash
$ terraform import ibm_kms_kmip_adapter.tf_import_adapter bb15f9c8-44d8-4ca6-a8b6-0bb091c811a0/45e03e0e-ff20-42b1-a759-52770d8e3dc1
```