---
subcategory: "Key Management Service"
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : kms-kmip-adapter"
description: |-
  Manages key rings for IBM hs-crypto and KMS.
---

# ibm_kms_kmip_adapter
Register or delete a KMIP Client Certificate to a given KMIP adapter. Certificates are PEM-encoded SSL certificates that will be used by a KMIP client to communicate with the KMIP server. For more information, about KMIP as a whole, see [Using the key management interoperability protocol (KMIP)](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/key-protect?topic=key-protect-kmip&interface=ui).


## Example usage 
Sample example to provision a KMIP adapter and register a certificate called `certificate.pem`

```terraform
resource "ibm_resource_instance" "kms_instance" {
  name     = "instance-name"
  service  = "kms"
  plan     = "tiered-pricing"
  location = "us-south"
}
resource "ibm_kms_key" "key" {
  instance_id = ibm_resource_instance.kp_instance.guid
  key_name       = "key"
  standard_key   = false
}
resource "ibm_kms_kmip_adapter" "myadapter" {
    instance_id = ibm_resource_instance.kp_instance.guid
    profile = "native_1.0"
    profile_data = {
      "crk_id" = ibm_kms_key.key.key_id,
    }
    # description = "adding a description"
    name = var.kmip_adapter_name
}
resource "ibm_kms_kmip_client_cert" "mycert" {
  instance_id = "${ibm_kms_key.test.instance_id}" 
  adapter_id = "${ibm_kms_kmip_adapter.myadapter.id}"
  certificate = file("${path.module}/certificate.pem")
  name = var.kmip_cert_name
}

```


## Argument reference
Review the argument references that you can specify for your resource. 

- `endpoint_type` - (Optional, Forces new resource, String) The type of the public endpoint, or private endpoint to be used for creating keys.
- `instance_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The hs-crypto or key protect instance GUID.
- `adapter_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the KMIP Adapter to register the certificate with.
- `certificate` - (Required, String) The contents of a PEM-encoded certificate file. Use of a heredoc or the `file()` function is recommended for this input.
- `name` - (Optional, Forces new resource) - A human-readable name to identify the KMIP client certificate. Names must be unique between certificates in the same adapter. If not given, a name will be autogenerated.

## Attribute reference
In addition to all argument reference list, you can access the following attribute reference after your resource is created.

- `created_by` - (String) The IBM-ID of the identity that created the resource
- `created_at` - (String) The date the resource was created, in RFC 3339 format