---
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : ibm_toolchain_tool_slack"
description: |-
  Manages toolchain_tool_slack.
subcategory: "Toolchain"
---

# ibm_toolchain_tool_slack

Provides a resource for toolchain_tool_slack. This allows toolchain_tool_slack to be created, updated and deleted.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "ibm_toolchain_tool_slack" "toolchain_tool_slack" {
  parameters {
		api_token = "api_token"
		channel_name = "channel_name"
		team_url = "team_url"
		pipeline_start = true
		pipeline_success = true
		pipeline_fail = true
		toolchain_bind = true
		toolchain_unbind = true
  }
  toolchain_id = "toolchain_id"
}
```

## Argument Reference

Review the argument reference that you can specify for your resource.

* `name` - (Optional, String) Name of tool integration.
* `parameters` - (Optional, List) Tool integration parameters.
Nested scheme for **parameters**:
	* `api_token` - (Required, String) Type the Slack webhook URL, which is generated by Slack as an incoming webhook. You can create or find your webhook in the Incoming Webhooks section of the [Slack API website](https://api.slack.com/incoming-webhooks). If you have been using an API key, update your configuration to use a webhook instead.
	* `channel_name` - (Required, String) If you use a webhook, you must specify an existing Slack channel to post notifications to.
	* `pipeline_fail` - (Optional, Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.
	* `pipeline_start` - (Optional, Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.
	* `pipeline_success` - (Optional, Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.
	* `team_url` - (Optional, String) If you use a webhook, you must specify your team name, which is the word or phrase before _.slack.com_ in your team URL. For example, if your team URL is https://team.slack.com, the team name is _team_.
	* `toolchain_bind` - (Optional, Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.
	* `toolchain_unbind` - (Optional, Boolean)
	  * Constraints: The default value is `true`.
* `toolchain_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) ID of the toolchain to bind integration to.
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `36` characters. The minimum length is `36` characters. The value must match regular expression `/^[a-fA-F0-9]{8}-[a-fA-F0-9]{4}-4[a-fA-F0-9]{3}-[89abAB][a-fA-F0-9]{3}-[a-fA-F0-9]{12}$/`.

## Attribute Reference

In addition to all argument references listed, you can access the following attribute references after your resource is created.

* `id` - The unique identifier of the toolchain_tool_slack.
* `crn` - (Required, String) 
* `get_integration_by_id_response_id` - (Required, String) 
* `href` - (Required, String) 
* `referent` - (Required, List) 
Nested scheme for **referent**:
	* `api_href` - (Optional, String)
	* `ui_href` - (Optional, String)
* `resource_group_id` - (Required, String) 
* `state` - (Required, String) 
  * Constraints: Allowable values are: `configured`, `configuring`, `misconfigured`, `unconfigured`.
* `toolchain_crn` - (Required, String) 
* `updated_at` - (Required, String) 

## Import

You can import the `ibm_toolchain_tool_slack` resource by using `id`.
The `id` property can be formed from `toolchain_id`, and `integration_id` in the following format:

```
<toolchain_id>/<integration_id>
```
* `toolchain_id`: A string. ID of the toolchain to bind integration to.
* `integration_id`: A string. ID of the tool integration to be deleted.

# Syntax
```
$ terraform import ibm_toolchain_tool_slack.toolchain_tool_slack <toolchain_id>/<integration_id>
```
