---
layout: "ibm"
page_title: "IBM : ibm_vmaas_transit_gateway_connection"
description: |-
  Manages vmaas_transit_gateway_connection.
subcategory: "VMware Cloud Foundation as a Service API"
---

# ibm_vmaas_transit_gateway_connection

Add and remove vmaas_transit_gateway_connections with this resource.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "ibm_vmaas_transit_gateway_connection" "vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_instance" {
  accept_language = "en-us"
  edge_id = "edge_id"
  region = "jp-tok"
  vdc_id = "vdc_id"
}
```

## Argument Reference

You can specify the following arguments for this resource.

* `accept_language` - (Computed, String) Language.
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `256` characters. The minimum length is `1` character. The value must match regular expression `/^[A-Za-z0-9-,;=\\.\\*\\s]{1,256}$/`.
* `edge_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) A unique ID for an edge.
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `128` characters. The minimum length is `1` character. The value must match regular expression `/^[A-Za-z0-9_-]{1,128}$/`.
* `region` - (Optional, String) The region where the IBM Transit Gateway is deployed.
* `vdc_id` - (Required, Forces new resource, String) A unique ID for a virtual data center.
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `128` characters. The minimum length is `1` character. The value must match regular expression `/^[A-Za-z0-9_-]{1,128}$/`.

## Attribute Reference

After your resource is created, you can read values from the listed arguments and the following attributes.

* `id` - The unique identifier of the vmaas_transit_gateway_connection.
* `connections` - (List) IBM Transit Gateway connections.
  * Constraints: The maximum length is `128` items. The minimum length is `1` item.
Nested schema for **connections**:
	* `base_network_type` - (String) The type of the network that the unbound GRE tunnel is targeting. Only "classic" is supported.
	* `local_bgp_asn` - (Integer) Local network BGP ASN for the connection.
	  * Constraints: The maximum value is `4294967294`. The minimum value is `1`.
	* `local_gateway_ip` - (String) Local gateway IP address for the connection.
	* `local_tunnel_ip` - (String) Local tunnel IP address for the connection.
	* `name` - (String) The autogenerated name for this connection.
	* `network_account_id` - (String) The ID of the account that owns the connected network.
	* `network_type` - (String) The type of the network that is connected through this connection. Only "unbound_gre_tunnel" is supported.
	* `remote_bgp_asn` - (Integer) Remote network BGP ASN for the connection.
	  * Constraints: The maximum value is `4294967294`. The minimum value is `1`.
	* `remote_gateway_ip` - (String) Remote gateway IP address for the connection.
	* `remote_tunnel_ip` - (String) Remote tunnel IP address for the connection.
	* `status` - (String) Determines the state of the connection.
	  * Constraints: Allowable values are: `pending`, `creating`, `ready_to_use`, `detached`, `deleting`.
	* `transit_gateway_connection_name` - (String) The user-defined name of the connection created on the IBM Transit Gateway.
	* `zone` - (String) The location of the connection.
* `status` - (String) Determines the state of the IBM Transit Gateway based on its connections.
  * Constraints: Allowable values are: `pending`, `creating`, `ready_to_use`, `deleting`.
* `vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_id` - (String) A unique ID for an IBM Transit Gateway.


## Import

You can import the `ibm_vmaas_transit_gateway_connection` resource by using `id`.
The `id` property can be formed from `vdc_id`, `edge_id`, and `vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_id` in the following format:

<pre>
&lt;vdc_id&gt;/&lt;edge_id&gt;/&lt;vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_id&gt;
</pre>
* `vdc_id`: A string. A unique ID for a virtual data center.
* `edge_id`: A string. A unique ID for an edge.
* `vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_id`: A string. A unique ID for an IBM Transit Gateway.

# Syntax
<pre>
$ terraform import ibm_vmaas_transit_gateway_connection.vmaas_transit_gateway_connection &lt;vdc_id&gt;/&lt;edge_id&gt;/&lt;vmaas_transit_gateway_connection_id&gt;
</pre>
